# Version 2.1.0

`Released 25/MAR/2024`

## Features

- introduced leaderboards

> A system that allows you to easily create and share time trial runs with all of its users. Apart from installation, there is no setup required, just hop in to a solo run session and do your runs, Velo will take care of the rest. It will automatically record your inputs, validate and categorize your run according to the rules and submit your run to the leaderboard server to be seen by all other players, allowing for a more seamless experience compared to speedrun.com, which always required video proof and manual verification. Velo now does this all instantly and automatically.
> By pressing F2, you have access to the leaderboard's menu, where you can see a ranking of all runs for each map and category. From there you can easily watch a replay of every run or race against their ghosts. In contrast to the game's old ghosts, Velo's ghosts are completely lag free and you can turn down their opacity to make them less distracting.
> Make sure to check out the rules page, as Velo is very pedantic with these. To help you out a bit, Velo offers a couple of settings (enabled by default), that set all kinds of states to their default on pressing the reset button (like restoring all obstacles, closing all gates, removing all of your boost, ...). You may also use savestates for 1 lap runs, allowing you to spend more time actually doing your runs instead of having to waste your time manually going back to the start after each failed attempt.
> I hope you will be able to learn a lot of new strats and improve by watching other player's runs or racing against their ghosts. While most of the WRs are already pretty grinded out (we already have a couple new actual WRs after just 3 days!), don't be shy and just try to climb up the rankings of your favorite maps as high up as you can and collect some points to get a higher score. The more runs we can collect the better!

- fixed restore defaults not working correctly with hotkey settings
- fixed using savestates in level editor and local multiplayer crashing game
- fixed max speed setting not working
- fixed camera shake not correctly working with savestates
- fixed blindrun simulator crashing game on loading level
- fixed empty string in hot reload crashing game
- fixed savestates not storing levers
- fixes savestates not preserving actor order properly
- fixed time skip after unfreezing the game or unfixing delta time
- fixed hot reload settings weirdness
- fixed ghosts freezing the game, Velo now detects and removes them
- fixed player color not applying to ghosts
- added ghost and remote players color
- you can now use the speedometer to show player position
